Acts	Act for the Good Government of India
Acts	Act of Settlement
Acts	Amending Act of 1781
Acts	Charter Act of 1833
Acts	Charter Act of 1853
Acts	Government of India Act of 1858
Acts	Government of India Act of 1919
Acts	Government of India Act of 1935
Acts	Indian Councils Act of 1861
Acts	Indian Councils Act of 1892
Acts	Indian Councils Act of 1909
Acts	Indian Independence Act of 1947
Acts	Pitt's India Act of 1784
Acts	Regulating Act of 1773
default	Adult Franchise
default	British Commonwealth
default	Communal Award
default	Fundamental Rights
default	Minerva Mills case
default	Montagu-Chelmsford Refroms
default	Motley-Minto Reforms
default	Mountbatten Plan
default	Objectives Resolution
default	Poona Pact
default	Reserve Bank of India
default	Revolt of 1857
default	Sepoy mutiny
default	Simon Commission
default	Yervada Jail
default	bicameralism
default	civil servants
default	communal representation
default	portfolio system
default	public service commission
default	separate budget
default	separate electorate
default	universal adult franchise